General Conditions of Carriage
1. Introduction

1.1. When you buy a ticket to travel on a flight we operate, you enter into a contract
of carriage with us. The contract is governed by (1) the conditions in your ticket
/ itinerary and receipt; (2) any tariffs which apply; (3) the legal terms and
conditions of carriage; and (4) any other regulations we may have from time to
time.
1.2. These are the legal terms and conditions of carriage (the “Terms” or “General
Conditions of Carriage”) which apply to your Booking with Wizz Air Hungary
Limited, a limited liability company registered in Hungary with company
registration number Cg.01-10-140174 and its registered address at Laurus
Offices, Kőér street 2/A, Building B, H-1103, Budapest, Hungary.
These Terms incorporate as though they were fully set out herein and which
themselves also apply to your Booking:
1.2.1. our Website Terms of Use, if you use our Website or App; and
1.2.2. any Booking Confirmation and any specific conditions set out in it.
Please read these Terms carefully and make sure that you understand them before
booking any Wizz Air flights. We update our Terms from time to time and as such,
they should be read and understood in advance of each booking of flights, as the
Contract for Carriage is concluded upon payment of the Total Fare and issue of
the Itinerary by Us.
1.3. Particular expressions and words in this document have specific meanings that
may be unique to this document and may differ from other airlines. When certain
words and phrases are capitalised in these Terms, they are defined terms with
the meaning given in Paragraph 2 below.
1.4. In these Terms, when we refer to “Wizz Air” or to "we", “We”, "us", “Us”, "our" or
“Our”, we mean Wizz Air Hungary Limited and when we refer to "you", “You”,
“Your” or "your", we mean you as the Passenger or the Booker on a Booking.
3
2. Meaning of certain words and expressions in these Terms /
Definitions

ACCOMPANYING ADULT: adult passenger of at least sixteen years of age who is
on the same Booking as an Infant or Child and accompanies them on a flight.
ADDITIONAL SERVICES: any products and/or services purchased by You in
connection with the carriage by air and which are provided, offered, or retailed
by Us or a third-party provider, for example but not limited to car hire or hotel
accommodation. In certain cases, Additional Services may legally constitute a
Package.
ASSIGNMENT ADMINISTRATION FEE: the fee payable per passenger per flight if
You assign your claim, as provided for in Paragraph 18.4.2, in the amount
specified on the Website at the time of the conclusion of the Contract.
APP: Wizz Air mobile application connected to the Website and operated by or for
Wizz Air where Bookings can be made.
APPLICABLE LAW: all laws, statutes, regulations, byelaws, mandatory codes of
conduct and mandatory guidelines, including the Convention, Regulation
2027/97 and the Government Decree, applicable to the Booking, your travel with
us and any Other Services we provide to you under these Terms.
BAGGAGE: means Your property accompanying You on Your trip as either
Checked Baggage, Unchecked Baggage, Extra On-Board Baggage or Personal
Property (but excluding any items prohibited from carriage under these Terms).
BAGGAGE IDENTIFICATION TAG: a document issued solely for identification of
Your Checked Baggage and which is placed on Your Checked Baggage.
BAGGAGE CLAIM TAG: a document issued solely for identification of Your Checked
Baggage, affixed to Your Boarding Pass.
BOOKER: means the individual above the age of consent and having full legal
capacity or a legal entity who acts as agent for the Passenger and makes the
booking in his/her own name and on his/her own behalf and/or in other
Passenger’s names and on their behalf. Booker includes also any individual or
company paying to us the Total Fare as stated in the Itinerary of a Passenger and
travel agencies.
4
BOOKING: a booking for one or more Wizz Air flights (with any Additional Services
if applicable) which is confirmed as accepted by Us.
BOARDING PASS: a document (i) issued at the check-in counter against Your
booking code or Your Itinerary and valid Travel Documents; or (ii) printed or
downloaded by You or displayed on Your mobile device if You use the App
(Passbook or other application with similar function) after completing the online
or mobile check-in procedure, permitting You to board the aircraft.
CABIN BAGGAGE: Your Baggage other than Checked Baggage in accordance with
these General Conditions of Carriage, included in the Fare, that remains in Your
custody for the whole duration of the journey.
CALL CENTRE: customer service provided by telephone, the current telephone
numbers of which can be found on the Website.
CANCELLATION FEE: the fee payable by You if You cancel a reservation, as
provided for in Paragraph 6.4.1 and in the amount specified on the Website at the
time of the conclusion of the Contract.
CHARTER AGREEMENT: a contract for charter carriage concluded in accordance
with these General Conditions of Carriage.
CHECKED BAGGAGE: Your Baggage We take over for the purpose of carriage, and
for which We have issued a Baggage Identification Tag and a Baggage Claim Tag
at the time of take over.
CHECK-IN DEADLINE: the time limit by which You must have completed check-in
formalities and received Your Boarding Pass.
CIVIL CODE: Hungarian Act V. of 2013 on the Civil Code.
CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE: Hungarian Act CXXX. of 2016 on the Code of Civil
Procedure.
CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT: terms contained in Your Itinerary and these General
Conditions of Carriage.
CONTRACT (FOR CARRIAGE BY AIR): the contract for carriage by air of Passengers
and Baggage concluded between You and Wizz Air in accordance with the
Conditions of Contract, based on which We carry You and Your Baggage from the
5
Place of Departure to the Place of Destination. The Contract is represented by the
Itinerary and the Baggage Identification Tag (if issued).
CONVENTION: The Montreal Convention for the Unification of Certain Rules
Relating to International Carriage by Air signed in Montreal on 28 May 1999 as
amended and supplemented from time to time.
COUNTRIES AFFECTED BY CARRIAGE: those countries in which the Place of
Departure and the Place of Destination are located.
CREW: authorised personnel performing duties on board an aircraft such as pilots,
flight attendants, technical and security staff.
DAY(S): calendar days, including all seven days of the week, provided that, for the
purpose of notification, the day on which notice is dispatched shall not be
counted in the deadline.
EU: European Union, including its member states.
EXTRA ON-BOARD BAGGAGE: Your Baggage other than Checked Baggage and
Cabin Baggage in accordance with these General Conditions of Carriage, subject
to Service Fees, that is carried on-board for the whole duration of the journey.
FARE: price of the carriage by air from the Place of Departure to the Place of
Destination. The Fare includes taxes and charges (including anticipated airport
charges and governmental taxes), one piece of Cabin Baggage and the available
lowest amount of Fees for Other Services unavoidable for the purpose of booking.
FEES FOR OTHER SERVICES/SERVICE FEES: the fees payable for various services in
connection with the carriage by air, as set out on the Website except the Seat
Protection Fee, the Cancellation Fee, the Wizz Discount Club fee, and the fee
payable for Additional Services.
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CARRIAGE: the provisions applicable to the carriage by
air of Passengers and Baggage performed by Wizz Air as set out in these General
Conditions of Carriage, and also referred to as TERMS.
GOVERNMENT DECREE/DECREE: the Hungarian Government Decree 25/1999.
(II.12.) on the rules of carriage by air of passengers, as amended from time to
time.
6
ITINERARY: (i) the document containing some key information issued to
Passengers following full payment of the Total Fare to Wizz Air or (ii) in case of
any changes in the booking by the Passenger, the document issued to the
Passenger as the acceptance of such changes by Wizz Air.
LIMITED RELEASE TAG: the document declaring Our limited liability for Checked
Baggage that is in any way damaged or not of appropriate size or condition, or
contains fragile items accepted by us for carriage and issued at the time of takeover of such Baggage.
MINOR: Passenger who is aged under 14 years old at the time of travel and where
an INFANT is a child whose age is under two, but who is not less than two weeks
old and a CHILD is over the age of two years old and under the age of 14 years
old, more than one Child being CHILDREN.
MISSED FLIGHT FEE: means the fee payable in certain cases where You miss Your
flight and wish to transfer to another flight operated by Us. The amount of the
fee is defined on the Website.
OTHER SERVICES: means any products and/or services purchased by You which
are provided, offered, or retailed by Us or a third-party provider, other than those
in respect of the Contract for Carriage by Air or Additional Services.
PACKAGE TRAVEL means package according to article 2 § 6) of the Package Travel
Decree, with the exception of article 13, in which cases Wizz Air is considered as
organiser or retailer of the package. In case the combination of the selected
Additional Services constitutes a Package, Wizz Air notifies You during the
booking.
PACKAGE TRAVEL DECREE: the Hungarian Government Decree 472/2017. (XII.28)
on the rules of contracts for travel services and in particular contracts for package
travel and linked travel arrangements.

PASSENGER: means any person or persons on a Booking carried or to be carried
on a Wizz Air flight (other than members of Crew).
PASSENGER WITH REDUCED MOBILITY OR REQUIRING SPECIAL ASSISTANCE
(“PRM”): means any passenger whose mobility is reduced due to physical
incapacity (sensory or locomotory), intellectual impairment, age, illness, or any
other cause of disability when using transport and whose situation needs special
attention.
7
PERSONAL PROPERTY(IES): means those items listed in Paragraph 15.3.5 of these
General Conditions of Carriage that You may take on board, in addition to
Unchecked Baggage, free of charge.
PLACE OF DEPARTURE: the airport indicated on the Itinerary and in Our database
as the starting point of the carriage by air.
PLACE OF DESTINATION: the destination airport of the carriage by air indicated as
such on the Itinerary and in Our database.
PRIVACY POLICY: policy on Our Website regulating the handling of personal data
provided by You or the Booker to Wizz Air.
RECOGNISED ASSISTANCE DOG means as specified in the Hungarian SZMM decree
of 27/2009 in accordance with Regulation 1107/2006/EC.
Recognised Assistance Dogs:
Assistance dog for blind and visually impaired persons
Assistance dog for persons with reduced mobility
Assistance dog for people with hearing loss
Seizure alert dog
Service dog assisting disabled persons

REGULATION 261: Regulation (EC) No. 261/2004 of the European Parliament and
Council, as amended or supplemented from time to time.
REGULATION 2027/97: Regulation (EC) No 2027/97 of the Council of 9 October
1997 on air carrier liability in respect of the carriage of passengers and their
baggage by air (as amended by Regulation (EC) No 889/2002 of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 13 May 2002).

SCHEDULE: the arrival and departure times of individual flights as determined by
Wizz Air and published on the Website.
SDR: Special Drawing Right as defined by the International Monetary Fund. (The
current value of this currency unit can be found on the IMF Website - www.imf.org
- and in the financial pages of major newspapers.)
SEAT PROTECTION FEE: the fee payable by You in the amount set out on the
Website at the time of the conclusion of the Contract if Wizz Air exercises its right
8
to cancel Your booking in accordance with these General Conditions of Carriage;
or You cancel the booking as set out in Paragraph 6.4.2.
SERVICE PROVIDER: means a third-party provider offering, providing, conducting
or retailing Additional Services, including if it is provided in association or in the
name of any other third party.
TARIFFS: the published fares, fees and related Terms which have been filed, where
required, with the appropriate authorities, where details of such are available on
the Website, both regarding the Total Fare and the respective conditions and fees
for various services provided by Us; and other regulations of Wizz Air. Further
information about Our Tariffs can be found on Our Website at:
https://wizzair.com/en-gb/information-and-services/prices-discounts/allservices-fees#/.
TOTAL FARE: the price payable for all services provided to You by Wizz Air, which
includes the Fare for the carriage by air and the Fees for Other Services or fees
for any other service You purchased on the Website.
TRAVEL DOCUMENTS: documents required by the Countries Affected by Carriage
for crossing the border, transiting and/or staying in the given state.
UNCHECKED BAGGAGE: Your Baggage other than Checked Baggage in accordance
with these General Conditions of Carriage that is carried on-board for the whole
duration of the journey.
WEBSITE: www.wizzair.com
3. Applicability, Choice of Law and Jurisdiction

3.1. General Provisions
3.1.1. Except as otherwise provided by the Convention or Applicable Law, your contract
of carriage with Us and these General Conditions of Carriage shall be governed
by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Hungary.
3.1.2. These Terms will apply to any flight stated on the Itinerary as operated by Wizz
Air as carrier (irrespective of who is the operating air carrier) and to any flight
otherwise performed by Wizz Air.
9
3.1.3. In addition to these Terms, if you purchase Additional Services provided by or
through us through another Service Provider, specific other terms and conditions
may apply to those services wherein You should ensure that You have read both
these Terms, all related information and notices and the terms and conditions for
any Additional Services supplied by the relevant Service Provider, before You
complete Your transaction with Us or the Service Provider (respectively). The
terms are shown at the time of booking and in your booking confirmation(s) for
those services and in some cases, on our Website. To find out more please visit
our Website.
3.1.4. In certain cases, purchased Additional Services may render your Booking to be
Package Travel. In such a case, in addition to the provisions of these Terms on
Package Travel (as well as specific other terms as described in Paragraph 23) may
also apply.

3.1.5. If You purchase Additional Services after the completion of Your Booking which
do not constitute Package Travel, then the contract for any Additional Services is
concluded between You and the respective Service Provider and We shall have no
liability to You in relation to the provision or performance of those Additional
Services. The price for any Additional Services is offered solely by the relevant
Service Provider. By accepting any quote and effecting payment through the
Website, You also authorise WizzAir to receive your payment and remit it on your
behalf to the relevant Service Provider. In some cases, the fee for Additional
Services is payable by You directly to the Service Provider.
3.2. Charter Carriage

3.2.1. If carriage is performed pursuant to a Charter Agreement, these Terms apply only
to the extent they are incorporated, by reference or otherwise, in the Charter
Agreement or Booking (together with such amendments as may be set out in the
charter ticket or the charter regulation in Paragraph 23).
3.3. Choice of Law and Jurisdiction

3.3.1. Except as otherwise provided by the Convention or Applicable Law, your contract
of carriage with Us and these general conditions of carriage shall be governed by
and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Hungary.
10
3.3.2. The Hungarian courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction in any contractual or
non-contractual dispute arising out of or in connection with this contract
including, without limitation, its formation, validity, and termination.
Provided that:
(i) If you are a consumer resident in a Member State of the EU, you may also
be able to bring proceedings in the courts of that Member State; and
(ii) For claims made under the Convention and Regulation 2027/97, you may
also be able to bring proceedings before the courts of the place of flight’s
destination. If the claim relates to death or injury, then a further option
would include the courts of the passenger’s place of residence.
4. Booking
4.1. Making a Booking
4.1.1. Flights can be booked directly with us through the Website, our App, or our Call
Centre or at our Ticketing Desk at the airport (if available).
4.1.2. Booking will not be final without payment of the Total Fare at the time of booking,
unless otherwise set out herein. We reserve the right to cancel your Booking if the
Total Fare is not fully paid.
4.1.3. Unless You have chosen to use our flexible travel partner service, You are required
to provide Us with Your full name as it is included in Your Travel Document. If
You fail to do so when booking or within 2 hours from the booking via Our Call
Centre, a name change administration fee may be paid for the change of the name
of the Passenger, the charge for which is detailed on the Website, App and in Our
Call Centre. Please see Our Website for further details on Our flexible travel
partner service.
4.1.4. You are required to provide us with contact information, (telephone number/s
and email address/es), at which You shall be contactable at all times. It is your
responsibility to ensure that the contact information provided is and remains
accurate and that you regularly check your email address (inbox and junk mail).
We shall not be liable for any damages arising from Your failure to comply with
the above requirements.
11
4.1.5. If the Booker is not a Passenger or the Booker is making a booking for additional
Passengers, the Booker shall be deemed to, acting as an agent, accept these
Terms on behalf and in the name of the Passenger(s) named in the booking and,
by placing that booking, represents and warrants to us that it has full and valid
authorisation from the Passenger to do so. All Bookings (together with their
Itineraries) shall be subject to these Terms and shall be binding on both the
Booker and the Passenger named in the Booking.
4.1.6. Furthermore, if the Booker is not a Passenger and the Booker’s contact details are
provided in Your booking You agree that the Booker:
(i) shall be responsible for receiving and relaying any and all communications
from Us or Our Service Providers concerning the booking to all Passengers;
and
(ii) UNLESS INSTRUCTED OTHERWISE IN WRITING BY THE BOOKER OR
PASSENGER, WE SHALL ASSUME THAT THE BOOKER HAS VALID
AUTHORISATION FROM THAT PASSENGER TO RECEIVE ANY REFUND AND,
WHERE APPLICABLE, INCIDENTAL EXPENSES OR COMPENSATION DUE AND
PAYABLE UNDER THE BOOKING. WE SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR
ENSURING THAT SUCH AMOUNTS ARE REMITTED OR OTHERWISE
TRANSFERRED BY THE BOOKER TO THE PASSENGER.
4.1.7. If You are a PRM and/or require special assistance (including, but not limited to
the carriage of a recognised assistance dog), You are required to inform Us about
Your physical disability or reduced mobility and the type of mobility or other aid
You wish to transport or You need, or any changes thereof, 48 hours before the
scheduled time of departure of Your flight either by calling our Call Center on the
dedicated phone numbers or by using the dedicated email address. For the phone
number and the email address, please visit the Website.
4.1.8. Should You wish to carry special Baggage or items of conditional carriage, You
shall call Our Call Centre and notify your request accordingly (see Paragraph
15.5). For further information please visit Our Website.
4.2. Making a Booking through Agents
4.2.1. Booking by the Agent shall be made through the WIZZ agency account or through
the Call Centre.
12
4.2.2. In the case of Contracted agencies, booking shall be made as specified in the
contract concluded between the Contracted agency and Wizz Air.
4.2.3. The Agent or Agency shall provide (1) (and where there are subsequent changes,
update) their contact details (including email address, mailing address, and
telephone number) for the Agency; and (2) the direct telephone number of the
Passenger in the booking made by the Agency through the WIZZ agency account.
4.2.4. All Agents and Agencies shall comply with terms and conditions prescribed in the
present General Conditions of Carriage and those defined in WIZZ agency account
Terms and Conditions as well as ensuring that You are also made aware of the
Terms in advance of confirmation of Booking. By placing a booking, the Agent or,
as applicable, Agency represents and warrants to us that it has informed and
provided the Passenger with a copy of these Terms and that it has full and valid
authorisation from the Passenger to accept these Terms on behalf and in the
name of the Passenger and to bind the Passenger to them.
4.3. Booking for a Group
4.3.1. You can make a standard Booking for up to 11 Passengers on our Website. For
Bookings of more than 11 Passengers, You must contact us via a separate form,
further details of which can be found on Our Website.
4.3.2. If two or more members of the group are PRMs and/or require special assistance
(including, but not limited to the carriage of a recognised assistance dog), You
are required to inform Us about Your physical disability or reduced mobility and
the type of mobility or other aid You wish to transport or You need, or any
changes thereof, 48 hours before the scheduled time of departure of Your flight
either by calling our Call Center on the dedicated phone numbers or by using the
dedicated email address. For the phone number and the email address, please
visit the Website.
4.4. Booking Confirmation
4.4.1. Upon the payment of the Total Fare, we will confirm Your Booking and issue the
Itinerary.
4.4.2. The Itinerary (in the case of carriage of Baggage, the Baggage Identification Tag)
certifies the agreement of the Contract for Carriage by Air between You and Us
and no separate ticket will be issued.
13
4.4.3. We will provide carriage to the person(s) (i.e., Passenger(s)) named in the Itinerary
and you may be required to produce appropriate identification.
4.4.4. Any agreed changes to Your booking will be contained in a new Itinerary. In such
case the newly issued Itinerary will certify the Contract for Carriage as of its
issuance.
4.4.5. You may request the substitution (re-sending) of Your Itinerary or Your booking
code by calling Our Call Centre. We may charge You an administration fee for this
service.
4.4.6. If you think you have made a Booking but have not received Itinerary and Booking
Confirmation, please contact Our Call Center.
5. Fares and Payment
5.1. Our Fares

Fares are for your specific flights only. Our fares cover your air transport from
airport to airport only and do not include ground transport or any other extras,
unless stated otherwise.
5.2. Total Fare
The amount of the Fare and Total Fare are calculated in accordance with the
amounts effective at the time of Booking with respect to the given carriage as
indicated on the Website or App. The Fare and the Total Fare (including but not
limited to Fees) shall not be influenced by the change of these amounts between
the date of Booking and the date of commencement of travel (except when you
change your Booking and as set out at Paragraph 4.4.4).
5.3. Taxes and Charges
5.3.1. Unless expressly stated otherwise, We pay all taxes and charges relating to Your
Booking, which are incurred up until the time of the confirmation of Your Booking,
i.e. the issuance of the Itinerary. All such taxes and charges are non-refundable.
14
5.3.2. Our prices do not include any other third-party fees and charges for costs we
incur to provide our services (such as airport and security charges, maintenance
fees etc.). We bear the costs for these services.
5.3.3. The taxes, fees and charges imposed on air travel are constantly changing and
can be imposed after the date of Itinerary issuance (i.e. after the confirmation of
Your Booking). By accepting these General Conditions of Carriage You agree that
You will pay any of taxes, charges or fees (including Fees for Additional Services
and any Other Services) relevant to Your Booking imposed by governments, other
authorities or by airport operators between the date of issue of the Itinerary (i.e.
after the confirmation of your Booking) and that of Your travel, with retroactive
effect, as the case may be. If You do not pay these amounts, We are entitled to
refuse Your carriage in accordance with Paragraph 13. In case the Total Fare is
significantly increased as a result of new or increased amount of taxes, charges
or fees imposed by governments, other authorities or by airport operators, You
are entitled to cancel Your booking and to a refund of the Total Fare.
5.3.4. VAT is not charged on fares or fees relating to international flights. For domestic
flights we pay all VAT relating to your Booking, therefore we do not collect any
specific payment from You for this reason.
5.4. Fees
5.4.1. Our Fees are available on our Website. We reserve the right to amend Our Fees.
Upon request You will be provided with information on Our Fees in Our Call
Centre.
5.4.2. Our employees, servants and agents are obliged to comply with Our Fees.
5.4.3. IF YOU MAKE A BOOKING AND/OR BUY ANY OF THE ADDITIONAL SERVICES OR
OTHER SERVICES:
(i) AT OUR TICKETING GROUND HANDLING AGENT AT THE AIRPORT, YOU MAY
BE REQUIRED TO PAY AN ADDITIONAL FEE TO OUR AGENT IN ADDITION TO
THE RELEVANT SERVICE FEE SET OUT ON THE WEBSITE OR APP.
INFORMATION ABOUT ANY ADDITIONAL FEES CHARGED BY OUR AGENT IS
AVAILABLE FROM THE AGENT AT THE AIRPORT;
15
(ii) THROUGH THE CALL CENTRE, YOU MUST PAY AN ADDITIONAL FEE IN
ADDITION TO THE RELEVANT SERVICE FEE SET OUT ON OUR WEBSITE OR
BY CALLING OUR CALL CENTRE.
5.5. Fees for Additional Services and any Other Services

5.5.1. Some Additional Services and Other Services can be purchased by You after Your
booking is made.
5.5.2. Purchase can be made via the Website, App and – subject to Paragraph 5.4.3 (i),
and 5.4.3 (ii) - at the airport or through the Call Center, depending on the type
of service.
5.5.3. The Fees for Additional Services and/or Other Services may change after the date
of booking. The Fees for Additional Services and/or Other Services shall be the
Fee applicable at the date of the purchase, details of which are available on Our
Website, App or from Our Call Centre.
5.6. Currency

5.6.1. The Fare, Fees for Additional Services and Fees for Other Services will be invoiced
and payable in the currency of the Place of Departure, unless We indicate another
currency at or before the time of payment (e.g. because of the non-convertibility
of the currency of the Place of Departure) or You choose to pay in a different
currency.
5.6.2. The Fare and Fees payable in a given currency on Our Website are valid only if
that given currency is the currency of the Place of Departure as defined by Us at
the time you make your Booking.
5.6.3. You can choose to pay in a different currency when making your Booking, and the
Total Fare will be converted by Us with the relevant amount in the chosen different
currency being displayed to you in the course of the Booking.

5.7. Payment

5.7.1. Unless we tell You otherwise, the Booker must pay the Total Fare in full at the
time of making your Booking. We must receive the Total Fare in the currency
16
indicated by Us, within the timeframe provided, otherwise Your booking will be
invalid and cancelled by Us.
5.7.2. In some cases, for example when taxes and charges are incurred between the
issuance of the Itinerary (i.e. after the confirmation of Your Booking) and Your
travel, You will be required to pay taxes and charges separately upon request.
You will be notified of such a request when booking. Some airports may require
payment of airport charges, at the airport.
5.7.3. You are liable for the payment of the Total Fare, even if it or any part thereof was
initially paid for You by a third party.
5.7.4. When booking via the Website or App, the Booker must complete the payment
within the time period indicated. When booking through our Call Centre, You
must complete the payment via the PCI-compliant interactive voice response
system.
5.7.5. Payment methods may differ as specified on the Website or App (and may include
Wizz Air gift vouchers or WIZZ credits as set out therein).
5.7.6. Bank transfer is available for payment of the Total Fare for Bookings originating
in certain countries. For details, please check our Website. You are responsible
for any charges or costs in connection with the payment of Your Booking via bank
transfer.
5.7.7. Should we consider Your payment to be at a high risk of fraud, We will contact
you directly through the telephone numbers provided in your Booking, to verify
the Booking and payment details. If We are unable to contact You, or you cannot
verify the payment or Booking details, We reserve the right to cancel Your Booking
and refund You the Total Fare. Notwithstanding anything contained in this clause,
we assume no responsibility for monitoring or verifying your payments for
potential fraud and any such action taken by us is at our independent discretion.
5.7.8. IF YOU PAY BY CREDIT OR DEBIT CARD, THE AMOUNT CHARGED TO YOUR CARD
MAY DIFFER FROM THE FINAL PRICE IN OUR BOOKING CONFIRMATION AS A
RESULT OF CURRENCY CONVERSION DIFFERENCES IN THE INTERNATIONAL CARD
PAYMENT PROCESSING SYSTEM. We are not responsible for these differences.
5.7.9. We will return any non-identified payments to the original payment account. All
costs associated with this return bank transfer shall be borne by You.
17
5.7.10. We will issue an invoice for the Total Fare, exclusively by electronic means. The
invoice will be sent only to the email which was provided by You when making
your Booking. You may request a paper copy of the invoice through our Call
Centre, for an additional fee. You may request a modified invoice containing
different invoicing details than those provided upon booking for which You might
be charged a fee.
5.7.11. When paying by bank transfer, unless otherwise specified by Us, You are limited
to two Bookings at a time per one Wizz Account.
5.7.12. If You do not receive a Booking confirmation from Us to the email address
provided in your Wizz Air account within 5 days of booking, You must contact the
Call Centre to verify the validity of Your Booking.
5.8. Refunds

5.8.1. Our fares and fees are non-refundable, so if you cancel, miss, or do not take your
flight you will not receive a refund, except as otherwise stated in these Terms.
5.8.2. If an immediate family member (mother, father, grandparent, child, grandchild,
sister, brother, wife, husband, common law partner) dies within a month before
the scheduled time of departure of a flight in Your Booking, you may claim a
refund equal to the fare you paid for the flights which you did not take as a result
of that death, plus any associated taxes, fees and charges that you paid. You must
make your claim within one month following that death and provide a copy of the
death certificate.
5.8.3. If someone on your group booking becomes seriously ill and is unable to travel,
or if they pass away before your trip, We will refund you the total amount for
everyone travelling on your Booking. You must supply suitable evidence of the
serious illness or death before the date you were due to travel.
5.8.4. In the event that We cancel your flight, or change the route or scheduled flight
times included in Your Itinerary in accordance with Paragraph 6.3, You may cancel
the Contract and You are entitled to a refund of the Total Fare.
18
6. Making changes to your Booking
6.1. Schedule

6.1.1. THE TIMES FOR DEPARTURE AND ARRIVAL SHOWN IN OUR SCHEDULE AND
ELSEWHERE ARE NOT GUARANTEED AND THEY DO NOT FORM PART OF YOUR
CONTRACT OF CARRIAGE WITH US. SUBJECT TO THIS PARAGRAPH, WE RESERVE
THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THEM.
6.1.2. We are not responsible for errors or omissions in timetables or other information
released by third parties about the dates or times or operation of any flight.
6.2. Point-to-point flights

6.2.1. Wizz Air is a point-to-point carrier and we do not operate connecting or ‘through
tickets’ for our flights or the flights of other carriers in relation to our scheduled
commercial flights.
6.2.2. If You have booked an onward flight with Us or another carrier, this represents a
separate contract of carriage. We do not guarantee or accept liability for missed
onward carriage on a subsequent flight. Where you choose to book such an
onward flight, you are responsible for ensuring that you comply with all checkin, baggage and travel document requirements for that flight.
6.2.3. We require you to have the right to enter the country of arrival of your flight. We
do not take into account any onward flight you may have, (even if there is an
airside transfer route at that arrival airport). We reserve the right to refuse to carry
You and/or your Baggage if You fail to provide the necessary Travel Documents.
6.3. Amendment of the Contract of Carriage by Wizz Air
6.3.1. We may need to change the scheduled flight time, date or route (including the
Place of Departure or Place of Destination) subsequent to issuance of Your
Itinerary. We will contact You to inform You of any such change via email, App or
by telephone, at the email address or telephone number provided at the time of
Your Booking. In case of a change of flight time, date or route, if You accept the
changes in any form, the Contract of Carriage between You and Us will be deemed
amended accordingly.
19
6.3.2. Except as otherwise provided by the Convention or Regulation 261, or any
applicable regulation that may apply from time to time, if after You make Your
booking, but before the scheduled departure time of Your flight We cancel your
flight or change the scheduled departure time and (i) the change and/or the
offered new flight is unacceptable to you, and (ii) we are unable to book you on
an alternative flight which is acceptable to You, then upon contacting Our Call
Centre, You may choose from the following options:
6.3.2.1. We re-book You on another flight operated by Us on the same or – if necessary –
a comparable route, within 14 days before or 30 days after the scheduled date of
departure of the delayed/cancelled flight, subject to availability of seats; or
6.3.2.2. You may cancel Your Booking and request a refund in credit on Your “customer
account” for the cancelled flight and for the return sector, if applicable; or
6.3.2.3. You may cancel Your Booking and request the refund of the Total Fare paid for
the cancelled flight and, if applicable, for the return sector.
6.3.2.4. If, after selecting an option from 6.3.2.1 – 6.3.2.3, You wish to change Your
choice, You may do so according to the general rules in these Terms, and by
paying the relevant fee.
6.3.2.5. Please note that in relation to Additional Services and Other Services, in case of
cancellation, the cancellation and refund policy of the third-party provider shall
apply where applicable.
6.4. Amendment of the Contract of Carriage by You
6.4.1. You may cancel Your Booking up to the fourteenth day prior to the scheduled
time of departure of Your flight. You will be entitled to a refund of the Total Fare
after deduction of the Cancellation Fee.
6.4.2. If You cancel Your Booking within fourteen days prior to the scheduled time of
departure of Your flight, You will be refunded the amount of the Total Fare after
deduction of the Fee for Other Services and the Seat Protection Fee.
6.4.3. You can change your flight to another available Wizz Air flight if you pay the
associated Service Fee plus the fare difference, if any, for your new flight. This is
calculated when you make the change. If the new fare is lower than the original
20
fare, we will not refund you the difference. For more information, please visit the
Website.
7. Travelling with Minors
7.1. We do not carry Infants who are less than 14 days old on the date of the flight.
7.2. We only carry Minors under the age of 14 if they are travelling with an
Accompanying Adult, who must be on the same Booking as the Minor.
7.3. The fees charged for carriage of Infants are available on the Website or from Our
Call Centre.
7.4. In any one Booking, there must be at least one Accompanying Adult for every 10
Children that are contained in the Booking.
7.5. In some countries the applicable law regarding the travel of Minors may be stricter
than the above, in which case those regulations will apply. It is your responsibility
to comply with the relevant applicable law.
7.6. Document requirements for Minors may vary from country to country. In
accordance with Paragraph 11.2 (Travel Documents and Other Requirements)
below, it is your responsibility to ensure that all Passengers on the Booking are
properly documented.
7.7. Infants do not need a separate seat and may sit on an Accompanying Adult’s lap.
Children cannot sit on an Accompanying Adult’s lap and must have a separate
seat.
7.8. If Your Booking is for return travel and the Infant turns two years old before the
date of the return sector, a separate booking must be made for the return travel,
as the Child will no longer be considered to be an Infant.
7.9. For safety and operational reasons, certain seats are not available to be purchased
for a Minor. Only one Infant per seating row may be booked to sit on an
Accompanying Adult’s lap. A maximum of 15 Infants can be carried on board the
same aircraft for safety reasons.
7.10. You cannot be an Accompanying Adult for more than one Infant, and only one
Infant can sit on Your lap.
21
7.11. If you are travelling with a Minor, you must take full responsibility for them
throughout your journey. You must ensure that they are adequately and securely
seated on board. You may not ask a passenger who is not on your Booking to
accept responsibility for a Minor at any time during the course of embarkation,
carriage by air or disembarkation.
8. Special Assistance
8.1. Booking requirements for Special assistance
8.1.1. If You require special assistance (including, but not limited to the carriage of a
recognized assistance dog), You are required to inform Us in advance according
to Paragraph 4.1.7 or 4.3.2 of these Terms.
8.1.2. Notwithstanding any rights provided to you under EC Regulation 1107/2006
concerning the rights of disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility
when travelling by air, if you have a disability or medical condition that might
affect your safety and the safety of the flight, we may request you to take certain
appropriate measures, including a requirement to have a companion to
accompany You on Your flight.
8.1.3. Unless stipulated otherwise by applicable law, the companion must be over the
age of sixteen and must be physically capable of helping you in case of an
emergency situation.
8.1.4. We will provide the special assistance in line with EC Regulation 1107/2006.
8.2. Health conditions
8.2.1. AS WE ARE UNABLE TO VERIFY YOUR STATE OF HEALTH, IF YOU HAVE ANY SERIOUS
OR CONTAGIOUS DISEASE, OR ANY OTHER CONDITION REQUIRING MEDICAL
CARE, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO OBTAIN PROPER MEDICAL ADVICE ON
WHETHER YOU ARE FIT TO TRAVEL BY AIR SAFELY. IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACCIDENTS,
DETERIORATION OF HEALTH CONDITIONS (INCLUDING ILLNESS OR INJURY)
SUSTAINED BY YOU OR FOR YOUR DEATH DURING TRAVEL BY AIR WHICH ARE DUE
TO NOT SEEKING OR NOT FOLLOWING PROPER MEDICAL ADVICE.
8.2.2. We reserve the right to require a filled Fit-to-Fly form confirming Your fitness to
travel by air, containing explicit medical approval for Your carriage by air, in any
22
of the cases stated herein and in any case where We have reasonable doubt that
You can complete the flight safely, without requiring extraordinary medical
assistance during the flight. We may require qualified medical or nursing escort
if necessary. The Fit-to-Fly form must be issued within 6 days of the flight date.
8.2.3. Should You fail to meet the requirements set out anywhere herein (including by
failing to provide a Fit-to-Fly form where requested by us), or in case We are
unable to provide the conditions set out in Your medical certificate on the aircraft
We operate according to the Schedule, We will cancel Your Booking and carriage
and refund the Fare after deduction of the Fee for Other Services and the Seat
Protection Fee.
8.2.4. Pregnant women may not travel on Our flights after the 34th week of pregnancy.
In case of a multiple foetus pregnancy, the relevant time limit is the 32nd week
of pregnancy. Women who are over their 28th week of pregnancy may only travel
on Our flights if they provide Us with a completed Fit-to-Fly form confirming their
ability to travel by air. The Fit-to-Fly form must be issued within 6 days of the
flight date.
8.3. Carrying Special Medical Equipment
8.3.1. We do not accept Passengers on stretchers.
8.3.2. Portable Oxygen concentrators (POCs) that do not contain compressed gas or
liquid oxygen can be taken on board, subject to providing evidence on the nature
of the equipment. Such POCs include the Continuous Positive Airway Pressure
(CPAP) containing a ventilation device that blows a gentle stream of air into the
nose to keep the airway open; but it does not contain oxygen. These devices are
excluded from Our Unchecked Baggage policy and can be taken on board as an
additional item. If You carry such device on board, please contact our Call Center
at least 48 hours prior to the Scheduled departure of Your flight. For more
information please visit Our Website.
8.3.3. Breathing aids that contain compressed gas or liquid oxygen cannot be taken
onboard the aircraft.
8.3.4. We do not accept Passengers travelling with their own oxygen but we will provide
medical oxygen to those Passengers who have requested such special assistance
during the flight, subject to applicable limits.
23
8.3.5. If You need such assistance, please contact our Call Centre at least 48 hours prior
to the Scheduled departure of the flight to arrange this service. For more
information please visit Our Website or contact Our Call Centre.
8.4. Travelling with Recognised Assistance Dog

8.4.1. Unless the applicable law states otherwise, in case of Special Assistance where
You need to travel with your Recognised Assistance Dog, You are entitled to travel
with your Recognised Assistance Dog with no additional fee, subject to a limit of
one dog per passenger/flight.
8.4.2. In accordance with Hungarian SZMM decree of 27/2009 We do not carry therapy
dogs or any emotional support animals.
8.4.3. We require You to inform us in accordance with Paragraph 4.1.7 or 4.3.2 of these
Terms at least 48 hours before the Scheduled departure in order to organise your
travel, such notification including Your provision to Us of the documents referred
to in Paragraph 8.4.4 of these Terms.
8.4.4. A Recognised Assistance Dog must have official documentation which confirms
(1) that your Recognised Assistance Dog has an up-to-date EU pet passport
showing that the dog meets the requirements of the Hungarian SZMM decree of
27/2009 and EU Pet Travel Scheme Regulation and the vaccination and treatment
requirements of the country you are travelling to; and (2) that it is fully trained to
assist You as a Recognised Assistance Dog. We are not liable for any guide dog
or assistance dog that does not have the correct document needed.
8.4.5. You must keep these official documents with You throughout Your entire journey.
8.4.6. Your Recognised Assistance Dog is not allowed to occupy any seat on board the
aircraft.
8.4.7. Any Recognised Assistance Dogs which are not correctly documented, or the
documents are not provided prior or during the travel will not be permitted to
travel.
9. Seating
9.1. We operate an allocated seating system. When You check in (either online, via the
mobile App or at the airport), a seat is selected for You free of charge.
24
9.2. Subject to availability, You may select a specific seat by paying the applicable fee:
9.2.1. at the time you are making a Booking; or
9.2.2. if You have completed Your Booking, either via the Website or App; or
9.2.3. at the airport up to 3 hours before the Scheduled time of departure.
9.3. Please note that after checking in, You may only upgrade the pre-selected seat to
certain seats located in the front rows or the overwing exit rows.
9.4. For the purpose of these General Conditions of Carriage the fee payable for seat
selection is considered as a Fee for Other Services.
9.5. Once You have been boarded You may be requested for operational or safety
reasons to change Your allocated seat. In that case, please follow the instructions
of the cabin crew in this regard. Should We need to amend Your purchased seat
selection, then You will be entitled to the refund of the fee You have paid for the
selected seat.
9.6. If during the booking You indicated PRM, You can select online check-in, however
You cannot print Your Boarding Pass. If You have selected online check-in, please
contact our Call Centre for seat-allocation by calling the local phone number
dedicated to requests for special assistance or by sending your enquiry to the email address dedicated to requests for special assistance (for the phone numbers
and the dedicated email address, please check our Website). After such seat
allocation You can print Your Boarding Pass. If You have selected online check-in
and You have checked-in but You fail to contact our Call Centre to have Your seat
allocated, You must present at the check-in counter at the airport when a seat
will be allocated to You, and your Boarding Pass will be printed free of charge.
9.7. For safety reasons, there are some seats that are not suitable for all Passengers.
These are located in the front row of the aircraft, at the overwing exits, and in the
last row.
9.8. If You wish to make any changes to Your Booking or to cancel Your Booking, the
fees paid by You for allocated seating will not be refunded.
9.9. In the event:
25
9.9.1. We change the route or Scheduled flight times/dates included in Your Itinerary or
9.9.2. Your flight is cancelled by Us or delayed for more than 5 hours, and You have
purchased a seat in relation to the Booking and due to such event You select:
9.9.2.1. the cancellation of Your booking, the fee You have paid for a selected seat
will be refunded to You.
9.9.2.2. re-routing of Your flight, We will either migrate the selected seat to the
re-booked flight or allocate You another seat or We will refund You the
amount You have paid for the selected seat upon Your request presented
at our Call Centre.
In case another seat is allocated to You, the full value of the fee You have paid for
the selected seat will be available for You for selecting and purchasing a seat on
the rebooked flight instead of the one which has been pre-allocated to You on
the rerouted flight.
10. Check-in

10.1. If You do not hold an Itinerary when You are checking in, You must provide Your
booking code. You will be required to show valid Travel Document(s) upon
checking in.
10.2. Check-in at the airport is subject to a fee unless it is stated otherwise on the
Website.
11. At the airport
11.1. Arrival at the airport

11.1.1. You must arrive at the airport sufficiently in advance of the Scheduled flight
departure time to complete bag drop (if You have Checked-in Baggages/s) on
time, complete all government formalities and security procedures and present
Yourself at the gate no later than 30 minutes before your scheduled flight time.
Procedures and timings may vary at different airports and for particular flights. It
is Your responsibility to ensure that You comply with these formalities, timings
and procedures. The Check-In Deadline can be found on our Website and by
contacting Our Call Centre. The gate closure time is shown on Your Boarding Pass
and on Our Website.
26
11.1.2. You will need to present Your boarding pass and all required Travel Documents.
Please see Paragraph 11.2 (Travel Documents and Other Requirements). You must
adhere to any security screening checks or procedures required by government
or airport officials or by Us. This includes all information We are required to
produce to comply with Advanced Passenger Information requirements.
11.2. Travel Documents and Other Requirements

11.2.1. We require all Passengers to provide a valid photographic Travel Document at bag
drop and/or at the boarding gate for all flights.
11.2.2. The Travel Document You use for border control and boarding must be the same
You used for check-in.
11.2.3. Travel document requirements vary by route, Your nationality and status.
Document validity periods apply, which may be longer than Your intended stay.
Requirements may also differ for Children and those travelling with them. Please
note we cannot give advice on your specific circumstances and it is your sole
responsibility to familiarize with, and ensure that your Travel Documents meet,
the requirements of the countries of your travel.
11.2.4. You are solely responsible for checking and complying with all Applicable Laws
and document requirements (including entry and exit visas or permits, health,
medical and other documents) of any countries You are flying to, from or through.
You are also responsible for checking government foreign travel advice which
may affect Your trip. Prior to travel, you must present all Travel Documents and
all other exit, entry, health, and other documents required by law, regulation,
order, demand, or other requirement of the countries concerned, and permit us
to take and retain copies thereof. We reserve the right to refuse carriage if you
have not complied with these requirements, or your Travel Documents do not
appear to be in order.
11.2.5. If You are required to hold a valid visa to enter the country, You must be holding
one prior to the Check-In Deadline. Should You fail to comply with this
requirement, We will not be liable for any damage or costs resulting from such
failure.
11.2.6. We shall not be liable to you in connection with obtaining and maintaining the
necessary travel documents (or your failure to do so) or your failure to comply
27
with Applicable Laws, requirements, or these Terms. Your submission of Your
Advanced Passenger Information does not mean that You are accepted or eligible
to enter any state or territory. We reserve the right to refuse carriage to any
Passenger we reasonably believe has not complied with, or whose documents We
reasonably believe do not comply with, such requirements, or whose travel
documents we believe to be false or where We are instructed by government
authorities to do so.
11.2.7. Should We be obliged to pay any fines, penalties or should any expenditure incur
to Us due to Your failure to comply with the rules mentioned in Paragraph 11,
You shall reimburse these costs to Us upon Our request. You shall also bear the
costs of the transportation from the state that does not permit entry. We will not
reimburse You the proportion of the Fare that relates to the carriage to the state
not permitting Your entry.

11.3. Customs Clearance and Security Control

11.3.1. You must complete all immigration or other security formalities and customs
clearance required for Your flight. If You fail to comply with such requirements,
We will refuse Your carriage, cancel Your Booking and upon Your request to Us,
refund the Total Fare after deducting the amounts of the Fee for Other Services
and the Seat Protection Fee.
11.3.2. You must submit Yourself to the security checks carried out by governmental or
airport authorities of the Countries Affected by Carriage, by the operator of the
airport and by Us.
11.3.3. If Applicable Law requires, You must be present at the inspection of Your Baggage
carried out by the customs authorities or other authority officials. We will not be
liable to you for any loss or damage suffered by you (including to your baggage)
in the course of such inspection or through your failure to comply with this
requirement.
11.3.4. To the extent permitted by law, We disclaim all liability for damages arising from
inspections set out in this Article 11 and/or Your refusal to submit Yourself or
Your Baggage to such inspections.
28
11.4. Boarding
11.4.1. If You are entitled to priority boarding for Your flight, You may join the priority
queue at bag drop and for boarding the aircraft. Whether You are entitled to
priority boarding will be stated on Your Boarding Pass.
11.4.2. You should make sure to be at the boarding gate when boarding begins to
use priority boarding. We do not guarantee that priority boarding will always
enable You to board in order of priority as boarding processes are always subject
to operational requirements.
11.5. Missed Flight

11.5.1. If You miss Your flight, You can request a transfer to the next Wizz Air flight to
the same destination that has availability by paying a Missed Flight Fee. To do
this, you must present Yourself, with valid documents, to Our ticketing agent at
the Place of Departure within 30 minutes following your missed flight’s scheduled
departure time, providing the following conditions are met:
11.5.2. If You checked in online, You missed the Check-in Deadline with Your baggage if
You have Checked Baggage or You missed the boarding time at the gate;
OR
11.5.3. If You selected airport check-in, You presented yourself at the Place of Departure
but missed the check-in deadline.
11.6. IF YOU SELECTED AIRPORT CHECK-IN AND CHECKED-IN ON TIME BUT YOU MISSED
THE BOARDING TIME AT THE GATE, YOU MUST MAKE A NEW BOOKING AND
CANNOT REBOOK UNDER PARAGRAPH 11.5.1.
11.7. If You rebook Your flight in accordance with Paragraph 11.5.1 and You select
airport check-in for Your rebooked flight, We will charge a non-refundable
handling fee in addition to the Missed Flight Fee, payable at the time of the
rebooking.
11.8. If You rebook Your flight in accordance with Paragraph 11.5.1, then the Total Fare
of Your original flight will not be refunded.
29
12. Code of Conduct
12.1. In accordance with the Applicable Law, the captain is in command of the aircraft
and every person on board must obey their lawful commands. You must comply
with the instructions of the Crew at all times during the carriage.
12.2. If You conduct yourself on board the aircraft or at the airport so as to:
12.2.1. endanger the aircraft or any person or property on board or at the airport; and/or
12.2.2. obstruct the Crew or ground crew in the performance of their duties; and/or
12.2.3. fail to comply with any instruction of the Crew or ground crew; and/or
12.2.4. use any threatening, abusive or insulting words towards the Crew, ground crew
or other Passengers or behave in any of these ways towards the Crew, ground
crew or other Passengers; and/or
12.2.5. behave in a disorderly, unpredictable, unsafe, or aggressive manner or in a
manner to which another Passenger or person may reasonably object,
We may take such measures as We deem necessary to prevent continuation of
such conduct, including Your restraint or removal from the aircraft or the airport,
as well as termination of Your continued travel on a flight and/or carriage on
future flight/s. You may also be prosecuted for offences committed on board the
aircraft or at the airport. You will be liable to Us for all costs or expenses arising
from or consequential to your improper conduct onboard the aircraft or at the
airport, including any costs arising from a diversion or damage due to your
behaviour. If a diversion has been necessitated by a Passenger’s behaviour,
resolution of the issue may involve handing over those Passengers to security or
legal enforcement agents at the diversion point. We may take such action as We
deem appropriate to recover such costs from You. We may also refuse to accept
future Bookings for You in these circumstances until any costs outstanding are
repaid and/or until such time as We are satisfied that You pose no further risk to
other Passengers or our Crew or ground crew.
12.3. In accordance with civil aviation safety requirements, all Our flights are nonsmoking. Smoking of any kind, including e-cigarettes, is prohibited on board Our
aircraft. Any attempt of smoking may result in severe criminal consequences
30
being brought against You and damages caused will be claimed against You by
Us. Furthermore, in such cases We reserve the right to refuse any further carriage
of You and Your Baggage and cancel Your Booking(s).
12.4. Passengers are prohibited from consuming alcohol on Our flights other than
alcohol that the Passenger has purchased from Us on board. At Our sole
discretion, we reserve the right to serve alcohol on board Our aircraft and to deny
serving alcohol to any Passenger on board.
12.5. For safety reasons, We may forbid or limit the use of any electronic equipment,
including but not limited to, cellular phones, laptop computers, portable
recorders, electronic readers and tablet computers, electronic games or
transmitting devices, radio-controlled toys and walkie-talkies on board the
aircraft. Operation of hearing aids and pacemakers is permitted, while other
portable electronic devices can be operated in flight mode only.
13. Refusal of Carriage
13.1. We may refuse to carry You and/or your Baggage, or remove You from a flight if
you have already boarded, without any liability on our part, if:
13.1.1. You or Your Baggage may put the safety of the aircraft or the health or safety of
any person in the aircraft or airport in danger or at risk;
13.1.2. carrying you or your baggage may affect the comfort of any person in the aircraft.
13.1.3. You are under the influence of alcohol or drugs in the airport or on board the
aircraft;
13.1.4. You have smoked or attempted to smoke in the airport (other than in permitted
areas) or on board the aircraft;
13.1.5. You are, or there is good reason to believe you are, in unlawful possession of
drugs;
13.1.6. Your mental or physical state is perceived to be a danger or risk to yourself, the
aircraft or any other person on or around it, or you have failed to meet
government, public health body, or other government enforcement body, health
requirements applicable for the country you are travelling to;
31
13.1.7. You have caused harm to, injured, or used threatening, abusive, insulting,
obscene or lewd language or behavior towards a member of our staff, ground
crew or any Passengers;
13.1.8. You have made a bomb threat or other security threat;
13.1.9. Your behaviour has created a reasonable suspicion of a misdemeanour or a crime
or you have committed a criminal offence during the Booking process, the checkin or boarding process, or at the airport or on board the aircraft;
13.1.10. You are perceived as a hazard or risk to yourself or other persons or to property;
13.1.11. You have not observed Our instructions with respect to safety or security, either
on board the aircraft or at the airport;
13.1.12. you have put the safety of either the aircraft or any person in it in danger
13.1.13. You have violated the Code of Conduct;
13.1.14. You have refused to submit to a security check of Yourself or your Baggage;
13.1.15. You refused to go through immigration and/or customs formalities;
13.1.16. Your physical state, Your clothes or behaviour frighten, disgust or scandalize
those on board or boarding the Aircraft;
13.1.17. You have a medical illness or condition that requires a Fit-to-Fly form from your
doctor confirming your fitness to fly and you do not present a valid certificate, or
otherwise you do not satisfy us that you are fit to fly;
13.1.18. You require specific assistance outside the services We offer to people with a
disability (please see Paragraph 8 and our Special Assistance page for more
details);
13.1.19. You failed to provide the necessary Travel Documents;
13.1.20. If you have refused to give your Travel Documents to a member of the crew of the
aircraft, when we have asked you to do so
13.1.21. If you have refused to allow us to photocopy your Travel Documents
32
13.1.22. If you destroy your Travel Documents during the flight or before boarding
13.1.23. We are instructed to do so by government authorities (including in relation to
your Advanced Passenger Information);
13.1.24. You fail to present a valid ticket;
13.1.25. any documentation presented by You:
13.1.25.1. has been acquired unlawfully or has been purchased from an entity
other than Us or Our authorised agent;
13.1.25.2. has been reported as being lost or stolen;
13.1.25.3. is counterfeit or the subject of payment fraud; or
13.1.25.4. has been altered by anyone other than Us or our authorised agent, or
has been mutilated;
and in any such case we reserve the right to retain such documentation;
13.1.26. The person presenting themselves at bag drop or the gate cannot prove that they
are the Passenger named on the Booking;
13.1.27. You have tampered with, or deliberately caused damage to, the aircraft or any
safety equipment, or have attempted to access any controlled areas without
authorisation;
13.1.28. We reasonably consider that carriage of You and/or Your Baggage may
compromise safety or security;
13.1.29. You have not paid the applicable Fare, taxes, charges, or Fees for Additional
Services and/or Other Services;
13.1.30. You owe Us any money in respect of a flight(s);
13.1.31. You have failed to check-in by the Check-In Deadline;
13.1.32. You have failed to arrive at the boarding gate on time;
13.1.33. You have violated our Website Terms of Use;
33
13.1.34. You have behaved in a way mentioned above on or in connection with a previous
flight and we believe you may repeat this behaviour;
13.1.35. Such action is necessary in order to comply with any Applicable Law.
14. Onboard
14.1. At our sole discretion, We may offer drinks, light snacks and duty free items for
sale on Our flights. We cannot guarantee an allergen-free environment on board
Our flights.
15. Baggage

15.1. Checked Baggage

15.1.1. Each piece of Checked Baggage must weigh no more than 32 kilograms. The
maximum dimensions for one piece of Checked Baggage are: 149 x 119 x 171
cm. We will refuse the carriage of Checked Baggage above these limits. We reserve
the right to limit the number of items of Checked Baggage per passenger. Further
information on any such restrictions in force will be available on our website or
from our call centre.
15.1.2. WE WILL CHARGE A HANDLING FEE FOR EACH PIECE OF CHECKED BAGGAGE. THE
AMOUNT OF THIS FEE IS AVAILABLE ON OUR WEBSITE OR FROM OUR CALL CENTRE.
SUBJECT 15.1.1, IF THE TOTAL WEIGHT OF YOUR CHECKED BAGGAGE EXCEEDS
THE CHECKED BAGGAGE ALLOWANCE YOU SELECTED, WE WILL CHARGE AN
EXCESS FEE FOR EACH KILOGRAM EXCESS AT THE RATE PREVAILING ON THE DAY
OF TRAVEL. THE AMOUNT OF THESE FEES IS AVAILABLE ON THE WEBSITE OR FROM
OUR CALL CENTRE. WE WILL REFUSE THE CARRIAGE OF CHECKED BAGGAGE IF THE
APPROPRIATE HANDLING AND/OR EXCESS FEE IS NOT PAID. WE HEREBY EXCLUDE
ALL LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES ARISING FROM SUCH REFUSAL.
15.1.3. Prams and wheelchairs shall be checked in with other Baggage and will be carried
free of charge, if the user of the equipment is travelling.
15.1.4. When We accept Your Baggage for carriage as Checked Baggage, We will take
custody of it and issue a Baggage Identification Tag and a Baggage Claim Tag for
each piece of Checked Baggage. You must keep each Baggage Identification Tag
and Baggage Claim Tag as proof of having checked it in.
34
15.1.5. Your Checked Baggage will be carried on the same aircraft as You, unless this is
not possible due to reasons of safety. In this latter case, your Checked Baggage
will be transported on a later flight.
15.1.6. IF YOUR CHECKED BAGGAGE CONTAINS ANY OF THE FOLLOWING ITEMS:
15.1.6.1. cash, securities;
15.1.6.2. jewellery, precious metal, precious and semi-precious stones;
15.1.6.3. computer, camera, video camera, cellular phone and any other
electronic or technical appliances and their accessories;
15.1.6.4. official, business or private documents;
15.1.6.5. travel or other identity documents;
15.1.6.6. keys;
15.1.6.7. liquid;
15.1.6.8. medicine;
15.1.6.9. perishable items;
15.1.6.10. pieces of art and fine arts; or
IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO TAKE INTO ACCOUNT THAT THEY MAY NOT BE
SUITABLE FOR AIR TRAVEL AND MAY BE SUBJECT TO DAMAGE OR DETERIORATION
AS A RESULT OF THE CONDITIONS OF AIR TRAVEL. WE WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY
WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DELAY, LOSS, OR DAMAGE TO SUCH ITEMS.
15.2. Some airports may have further policy restrictions. In such cases the airport’s
regulations prevail.
15.3. Cabin Baggage and Unchecked Baggage

15.3.1. EACH PASSENGER MAY ONLY CARRY ONE PIECE OF CABIN BAGGAGE. THE CABIN
BAGGAGE MUST NOT EXCEED 40X30X20 CM, EXLUDING HANDLES AND WHEELS.
A MAXIMUM OF 5CM EXTRA IS PERMITTED FOR WHEELS OF ANY CABIN BAGGAGE.
THE DIMENSIONS SPECIFIED IN THIS PARAGRAPH INCLUDE SIDE POCKETS OF ANY
CABIN BAGGAGE.
15.3.2. Certain optional Wizz Air services permit You to carry an extra On-board Baggage
not exceeding the dimension of 55x40x23 cm (handles and wheels excluded but
with a maximum of 5 cm extra for wheels) and weight of 10 kg, in addition to the
Cabin Baggage.
35
15.3.3. IF THE SIZE AND/OR WEIGHT OF YOUR UNCHECKED BAGGAGE, REFERRED TO IN
15.3.1 OR 15.3.2 EXCEEDS THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS, THE CARRIAGE OF SUCH
OVERSIZED/OVERWEIGHT UNCHECKED BAGGAGE IS SOLELY SUBJECT TO THE
PAYMENT OF THE EXCESS FEE (OVERSIZE/OVERWEIGHT FEE) AT THE BOARDING
GATE SPECIFIED ON OUR WEBSITE. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CARRY ANY
OVERSIZE/OVERWEIGHT UNCHECKED BAGGAGE AS CHECKED BAGGAGE.
15.3.4. If necessary due to operational and/or safety reasons, We reserve the right to
carry any Unchecked Baggage compliant with the above size and weight
limitations free of charge in the cargo compartment. This provision is not
applicable to Personal Properties according to 15.3.5.
15.3.5. In addition to Unchecked Baggage You may take the following small size Personal
Properties on board without paying a separate fee:
15.3.5.1. coat or a blanket;
15.3.5.2. a cellular phone;
15.3.5.3. reading material for the flight;
15.3.5.4. for children under the age of two: food for the flight;
15.3.5.5. duty free items bought in the airside departure lounge, after passing
through the security check;
15.3.5.6. a pair of crutches for the physically disabled;
15.3.5.7. rear-facing infant car seat equipped with inside seat belt, if the Infant
travels on a separate purchased aircraft seat, and the car seat is
equipped with a latch which enables it to be securely fastened with
the passenger seat belt.
15.3.6. Some airports may have further policy restrictions regarding Unchecked Baggage
and Personal Properties and which may be more restrictive than the above. In
such cases the airport’s regulations prevail.
15.3.7. At certain airports the relevant fee may only be paid by using a credit or debit
card. For the list of such airports You shall consult Our Website or call Our Call
Centre. Should We fail to update this list of airports on Our Website, We are not
liable for any damages arising directly from such failure as defined in these
General Conditions of Carriage and the relevant laws.
15.3.8. You shall store Your Unchecked Baggage and other items taken on board in such
a way that the aisles and emergency exits are left clear, in compliance with the
instructions of the Crew.
36
15.4. Dangerous Goods
15.4.1. THE FOLLOWING ITEMS ARE EXCLUDED FROM CARRIAGE (THESE MUST NOT BE
PLACED IN YOUR CHECKED OR UNCHECKED BAGGAGE OR TAKEN WITH YOU AS
PERSONAL PROPERTY):
15.4.1.1. weapons and explosives including weapons of hunting or those used
for sports purposes as defined by the law of any of the Countries
Affected by Carriage listed in the Itinerary;
15.4.1.2. any item or substance that looks like a weapon or explosive;
15.4.1.3. flammable substance (except: alcoholic beverages, hair spray,
perfume, cologne);
15.4.1.4. radioactive materials;
15.4.1.5. condensed gas (except: CO2 used for moving artificial limb; container
of inflammable gas used for self-inflating lifejacket);
15.4.1.6. poisonous or infectious substance;
15.4.1.7. corrosives (except: mercury in thermometers, barometer, wheelchair
battery);
15.4.1.8. security type briefcases, attaché cases or suitcases with built-in alarm
devices containing lithium batteries or pyrotechnical material;
15.4.1.9. items and materials that endanger safety of the aircraft, or the life,
health, bodily integrity or property of those on board (such as those
specified in the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO)
Technical Instructions for the Safe Transport of Dangerous Goods by
Air and the International Air Transport Association (IATA) Dangerous
Goods Regulations);
15.4.1.10. any item or material that is forbidden under the rules and regulations
of the Countries Affected by Carriage;
15.4.1.11. any item that is not suitable for carriage because they are dangerous
or unsafe, or because of their weight, size, shape, or character, or
because they are fragile or perishable having regard to, among other
things, the type of aircraft being used. Information about unacceptable
items is available upon request;
15.4.1.12. remains of human body;
15.4.1.13. live animals (including pets, insects, reptiles, or any other form of
livestock), with the exception of recognised assistance dogs;
15.4.1.14. any items specified in the International Civil Aviation Organization
(ICAO) Technical Instructions for the Safe Transport of Dangerous
Goods by Air and the International Air Transport Association (IATA)
Dangerous Goods Regulations with certain further restrictions. For
details on the restrictions please visit the Website.
37
SHOULD YOU ATTEMPT TO TAKE ANY OF THESE MATERIALS OR ITEMS WITH YOU,
WE MAY DENY CARRIAGE OF YOUR BAGGAGE AND/OR YOU.
If, despite being prohibited, any items referred to in this article 15.4 are included
in your Baggage, we shall not be responsible for any delay, loss, or damage to
such items.
15.4.2. In addition to 15.4.1 Your Unchecked Baggage or Personal Property must not
contain knives, scissors, blades, cutlery, darts, syringes or any other sharp object
or any item which in Our opinion could be used as a weapon.
15.4.3. Your Unchecked Baggage or Personal Property may only contain items not
excluded from carriage and only in such quantity and packaging as determined
by the effective laws and safety regulations from time to time.

15.5. Items of Conditional Carriage
15.5.1. Should You wish to carry any of the following items, You are required to inform
Us about Your intention at the time of booking:
15.5.1.1. fragile items;
15.5.1.2. materials of unpleasant nature;
15.5.1.3. dry cell non spillable battery operated wheelchair (only as Checked
Baggage);
15.5.1.4. other special items including but not limited to sport equipment (for
example bicycle, ski, snowboard, golf, diving and surf equipment,
fishing outfit and so on), horns and trophies, vaulting poles, musical
instruments, etc.
You are required to inform Us about Your intention to carry any of the above items
through Our Call Centre. You are entitled to carry such items only with Our
consent.
15.5.2. Should You wish to carry any item mentioned in Paragraphs , 15.5.1.2, 15.5.1.3
and 15.5.1.4, You will be required to pay a fee according to the Tariffs. For details
You shall consult Our Website or call Our Call Centre.
15.5.3. Should You fail to report and obtain Our consent for the carriage of the items
mentioned in Paragraph 15.5.1, We may deny the carriage and/or will not be liable
for any delay of and damage to such items.
38
15.5.4. Notwithstanding any permission which we may give, the carriage of any fragile
items (whether by inclusion in your Checked Baggage, Unchecked Baggage or
otherwise) is entirely at your risk and you fully understand and acknowledge the
presence and nature of the risks involved. We shall have no liability whatsoever
for any damages or other deterioration which such fragile items may suffer or
occasion during or in connection with such carriage. Baggage containing fragile
items may be carried as Checked Baggage only with Limited Release Tag.

15.6. Animals

15.6.1. We do not carry live animals on Our flights, except for Recognised Assistance
Dogs. For further information on rules regarding Recognised Assistance Dogs
please refer to Paragraph 8.4.

15.7. Right to Refuse Carriage of Your Baggage
15.7.1. We may refuse carriage of any item or material considered by Us to be unsuitable
for carriage because of its size, shape, weight, content, character, packing, or for
safety and security reasons, or the comfort of other passengers.

15.8. Right to Search Baggage
15.8.1. For safety and security, We may request that You permit a search of Your clothing
or Your Baggage. If You are not present or are otherwise unavailable, Your
Baggage may be searched in Your absence for the purpose of determining
whether Your Baggage contains any items or materials set out in Paragraphs 15.4
or 15.5. If You are unwilling to comply with such request, We may refuse to carry
You and/or Your Baggage. We shall not be liable for any damage to Your baggage
caused by such a search, to the extent permitted under the relevant legal
provisions.

15.9. Delivery and Collection of Checked Baggage

15.9.1. Baggage is delivered at the airports via baggage delivery terminals and not
personally. It is Your responsibility to collect Your Baggage at these terminals. We
are not liable for Baggage after its delivery. We may control Your Baggage
Identification Tags and Baggage Claim Tags at all times. Unclaimed Baggage in
Our custody will only be handed over to a person who produces the Baggage
Claim Tag matching the Baggage Identification Tag. If a person claiming Checked
Baggage is unable to produce the Baggage Check and identify the Baggage by
39
means of a Baggage Identification Tag, we will deliver the Baggage to such person
only on condition that he or she establishes to our satisfaction his or her right to
the Baggage.
15.9.2. You shall collect Your Checked Baggage as soon as it is made available to You.
15.9.3. Should You fail to collect Your Baggage or Personal Properties, We will store it for
90 days and will charge You a storage fee. If they are not claimed within that time
period, We may dispose of it without any liability to you. If We can identify You
on the basis of Your Baggage or Personal Properties, We will notify You at the
contact details You provided of the intention to dispose of the uncollected items
and when such disposal has happened. We shall have no liability to You for any
damages to your uncollected luggage during storage or disposal.

16. Disruptions
16.1. Except for Your rights under these Terms or Applicable Law, the flight times
shown on our Schedule, Website or elsewhere are not guaranteed.
16.2. At any time after a Booking has been made, We may need to change our Schedules
or cancel, divert, deny boarding or delay any flight. This may include changes for
reasons of safety, required regulatory approvals, or for other commercial or
operational reasons.
16.3. If We make a cancellation or significant change, We will contact the Booker about
this as soon as we reasonably can using the contact details we have in the
Booking. If you are a Booker, it is your responsibility to contact all other
Passengers on the Booking about any such change.
16.4. Nothing in these Terms affects Your rights under Applicable Law. Please see our
Website for more details about Your rights and support information for disrupted
services.
17. Liability

17.1. General

17.1.1. These Terms govern Our liability to You and in some cases, Your liability to Us.
The liability of any third party carrier on whose ticket or booking you are travelling
40
will be determined by that other carrier’s own conditions of carriage. A summary
of the main provisions governing liability for passengers and their baggage,
including deadlines for filing an action for compensation and the possibility of
making a special declaration for baggage can be found in the Annex to these
Terms.
17.1.2. In many cases, our liability in relation to Your carriage by Us is governed by the
rules under the Convention and Regulation 2027/97 and where they do not, any
other Applicable Law will apply. WHERE APPLICABLE, OUR LIABILITY FOR DEATH
OR INJURY, FOR DESTRUCTION OR LOSS, OR DAMAGE TO, BAGGAGE, AND FOR
DELAY WILL BE LIMITED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONVENTION AND AS SET
OUT WITHIN THESE TERMS, (THE CONVENTION PREVAILING WHERE THERE IS ANY
CONFLICT) AND OUR LIABILITY AMOUNT WILL NOT EXCEED PROVEN DAMAGES IN
ANY EVENT.
17.1.3. If We prove that the damage claimed was caused or contributed to, by the
negligence or other wrongful act or omission of the person claiming
compensation, or the person from whom he or she derives his or her rights, We
will be wholly or partly exonerated from liability in accordance with the Applicable
Law.
17.1.4. Except where otherwise provided in the Convention or in these Terms, We shall
have no liability for any damage caused by You or by Your Baggage and You shall
be responsible for any such damage caused to other persons or to other persons'
(including Our) property.
17.1.5. Where applicable, the Contract of Carriage, these General Conditions of Carriage
and exclusions and limits of liability also apply to Our employees, servants and
agents where they act within the scope of their employment and provided they
have not acted recklessly or with intent to cause damage. Where involved, the
aggregate of the amounts recoverable from US, Our employees, servants and
agents may not exceed the applicable limits of liability as outlined in these Terms.
17.1.6. Unless otherwise provided by the Convention or Regulation 2027/97 or any
mandatory provisions of any Applicable Law we are not liable for loss of profit,
indirect or consequential damage or losses.




41
17.2. Liability for Baggage
17.2.1. We are not liable for any damage to Your unchecked cabin baggage or personal
items, except to the extent the damage resulted from Our fault.
17.2.2. In respect of Checked Baggage, We shall be liable to you for its destruction, loss
or damage (where such is beyond normal wear and tear as part of air
transportation) during the time it was in Our charge and to the extent that damage
did not result from the inherent defect, quality or vice of the Checked Baggage or
Your fault, such as over-loading or over-packing.
17.2.3. Our liability for damage occasioned by delay in the processes associated with
carriage by air of Baggage is as provided for by the Convention and We will have
a defence to such liability where We can show that We, Our employees, servants
or agents took all measures that could reasonably be taken to avoid the damage
or if We prove that it was impossible for Us or them to take such measures.
17.2.4. We are not liable for damage to, loss, destruction and delay of (i) any items
excluded from carriage, (ii) dangerous goods, (iii) any Baggage accepted for
carriage with a Limited Release Tag, and (iv) items of conditional carriage, the
carriage of which was not reported to Us upon Booking or was not accepted by
Us for carriage.
17.2.5. We exclude liability for minor damage to the exterior of Your Baggage (such as
scratches, soils, staining, dents) that may result from normal wear and tear as
part of transportation and only accept such damage as prevents functional use of
Your Baggage.
17.2.6. In the carriage of Baggage (including Checked Baggage, Unchecked Baggage and
Personal Property), in the case of destruction, loss, damage or delay, Our liability
is limited to 1288 SDRs for each Passenger unless the Passenger has made, at the
time when the Checked Baggage was handed over to Us, a special declaration of
interest in delivery at destination and has paid a supplementary sum if the case
so requires. In that case We will be liable to pay a sum not exceeding the declared
and accepted sum, unless We can prove that the sum is greater than the
Passenger's actual interest in delivery at destination. Our liability is limited to -
2224 SDRs in relation to each special declaration of interest in delivery.
17.2.7. Where the value of the Baggage is greater in value than the limit of 1288 SDRs,
you must bring the value of the Baggage to our attention at check-in or you must
fully insure the Baggage prior to travel.
42
17.2.8. The limits of liability in Term 17.2.6 do not apply where it is proven that the
damage resulted from the act or omission of us or our employees, servants or
agents and was done with intent to cause damage or recklessly and with
knowledge that damage would probably result, and you prove that our
employees, servants, or agents were acting within the scope of their employment.
17.2.9. You are responsible for ensuring that You do not leave any items on board when
disembarking the aircraft. If You have left an item on board, We advise You to
contact the lost and found department at the airport.
17.2.10. We are not liable for any Damage arising from our compliance with applicable
laws or Government rules and regulations, or from your failure to comply with the
same.
17.3. Liability for Death, Injury and Delay of Passengers
17.3.1. Under the Convention, We shall be liable to You in the event of an “accident”
within the meaning of the Convention, which caused the death or other bodily
injury, when the accident took place whilst on board the aircraft or in the
operations of embarking or disembarking.
17.3.2. Our liability for death or bodily injury of Passengers is subject to limitations as
set out in the Convention and these General Conditions of Carriage. Subject to
the claimant’s proof of entitlement under the Applicable Law, we have strict
liability for proven damages up to the amount of 128,821 SDRs for each
Passenger, unless we can otherwise prove that the damage was caused by, or
contributed to by, the negligence of the injured or deceased Passenger. Above
the level of 128,821 SDRs, we shall also be entitled to the other defences available
under the Convention (where applicable to the claim). For claims in excess of
128,821 SDRs, We may be exonerated if We can prove that (i) such damage was
not due to Our wrongful act, omission, wilfulness or negligence or that of Our
employees, agents or servants or that (ii) such damage was solely due to the
wrongful act, omission, wilfulness or negligence of a third party.
17.3.3. Where we prove that the damage was caused or contributed to, by the negligence
or other wrongful act or omission of the deceased or injured Passenger, we may
be exonerated wholly or in part from our liability in accordance with the
Applicable Law.
43
17.3.4. We shall without delay, and in any event no later than 15 days after the identity
of the natural person(s) entitled to compensation has been established, (by a
court or otherwise), make such advance payments as may be required to meet
immediate economic needs on a basis proportional to the hardship suffered. Such
payment shall not be less than the equivalent in euro of 16,000 SDRs per
Passenger in the event of death. Making an advance payment shall not constitute
recognition or admission of liability. An advance payment may be offset against
any subsequent settlement payable on the basis of us being held liable.
17.3.5. Advance payment is not refundable unless We subsequently prove that:
17.3.5.1. damage was caused by or contributed to by the negligence or other
wrongful act or omission of the injured or deceased Passenger; or
17.3.5.2. the person who received the advance payment caused or contributed
to, the damage by negligence or other wrongful act or omission; or
17.3.5.3. the person who received the payment was not the person entitled to
compensation.
17.3.6. Save to the extent that Applicable Law may provide otherwise, where any advance
payment paid is returnable for any of the reasons set out in Paragraph 17.3.5
above, the person who received the payment shall make immediate repayment to
Us upon the relevant proof being established (in a court or otherwise), together
with interest calculated from the date of receipt of the payment by that person
until the date of repayment to Us, at the then current judgment rate applicable in
the court having jurisdiction.
17.3.7. Under the Convention, in the case of damage caused by delay in the carriage of
Passengers, Our liability for each Passenger is limited to 5,346 SDRs. We shall not
be liable to You where we prove that we, Our employees, servants or agents took
all reasonable measures to avoid the damage or it was impossible for Us or them
to take such measures.






44
18. Claims Procedures

18.1. Personal Injury or Death claims

18.1.1. If:
18.1.1.1. you have a claim for personal injury; or
18.1.1.2. your personal representative has a claim for your death,
you or your personal representative, as applicable, should tell us in writing as
soon as possible.

18.2. Baggage Claims
18.2.1. If you receive your Baggage without making a complaint and without completion
of the Property Irregularity Report (PIR), this will be prima facie evidence that the
Baggage was delivered in good condition and according to these Terms, unless
you prove otherwise.
18.2.2. If your Baggage is damaged, lost or delayed during a flight, you must advise a
member of our Ground Crew at the arrival airport as soon as you are aware that
it has been damaged, lost, or delayed.
18.2.3. If Your Baggage does not arrive with the flight carrying You, You have to make an
immediate report before leaving the transit area and complete the PIR (or, if that
entails difficulties, a similar document making the particulars of the claim clearly
identifiable) as soon as possible.
18.2.4. If Your Checked Baggage is damaged or pilfered, You have to make an immediate
report and complete the PIR (or, if that entails difficulties, a similar document
making the particulars of the claim clearly identifiable) as soon as possible.
Should it be impossible to recognize the damage or pilferage upon receipt of the
Checked Baggage, You have to make a report subsequently at the airport within
7 days after the receipt.
18.2.5. If Your Checked Baggage does not arrive with the flight carrying You and You
receive it damaged or pilfered, You have to make a report on damage or pilferage
in writing within 21 days after the Baggage has been placed at Your disposal. If
We admit the loss of Your Checked Baggage, or if Your Checked Baggage has not
45
arrived at the expiration of 21 days after the date on which it ought to have
arrived, You are entitled to enforce Your rights connected to it.
18.2.6. If your Baggage is delayed for more than 24 hours on an outbound flight, you can
spend a reasonable amount on essential items, for a maximum of three days. To
claim this allowance you must submit a claim in writing using our online form
within 21 days of the relevant flight. All claims must be supported by
documentary evidence (e.g. receipts) of the necessary purchases made.
18.2.7. In any event, any claim for damage to, loss or delay of Baggage must be made in
writing to Us within the following timeframes:
18.2.7.1. in the case of damage to Baggage, as soon as you discover the
damage after you have received the Baggage, and at the latest within
seven days; and
18.2.7.2. in the case of delay, within 21 days from when the Baggage has been
made available to you.
18.2.7.3. Where applicable, should you fail to meet the requirements of the
Convention, and fail to make a claim in writing within the aforesaid
time-limits as provided in this Term 18.2.7, We will be exempted
from liability.
18.2.8. Together with your claim you should attach the PIR or make the particulars of
your claim clearly identifiable (if the completion of the PIR entails difficulties), and
also attach all the documents proving Your claim after arrival at the Place of
Destination.
18.2.9. Should any damage occur to Your Unchecked Baggage or Personal Property, You
are required to make a report on board the aircraft. Should You fail to comply
with this requirement We will be exempted from the liability.
18.2.10. Subject to the limitations and requirements under the Convention and as
otherwise set out herein, should any damage occur to Your Baggage during the
carriage by air by Us, You shall arrange for Your Baggage to be repaired and
obtain and send Us the receipts for consideration. Should Your Baggage be
damaged beyond repair You shall obtain a written confirmation from the repair
shop, including indication of the brand and value of Your Baggage for our
consideration.
46
18.3. Regulation 261 Compensation Claims
18.3.1. Passengers should submit claims directly to Wizz Air via the Website and allow us
30 days (or such time as required by Applicable Law, if less) to respond directly
to them.
18.3.2. Subparagraph 18.3.1 above will not apply to Passengers who do not have the
capacity to submit claims themselves. The legal guardian of a Passenger who
lacks capacity may submit a claim to us on their behalf. We may request evidence
that the legal guardian has authority to submit a claim on the Passenger’s behalf.
18.3.3. A Passenger may submit a claim to us on behalf of other Passengers on the same
Booking. We may request evidence that the Passenger bringing the claim has the
permission to do so.
18.3.4. Passengers are not prohibited by this section from consulting legal or other thirdparty advisers before submitting their claim directly to us.
18.3.5. Except as specified in Paragraph 18.3.2 and 18.3.3 above, WE WILL NOT PROCESS
ANY CLAIM OF COMPENSATION SUBMITTED BY A THIRD PARTY UNLESS THE CLAIM
IS ACCOMPANIED BY PROPER AND APPROPRIATE DOCUMENTATION DULY
EVIDENCING THE AUTHORITY OF THE THIRD PARTY TO ACT ON YOUR BEHALF.
18.3.6. Nothing in this Paragraph prevents you from consulting a legal adviser or other
third-party company before you submit your claim directly to us under 18.3.1.
18.3.7. BY ACCEPTING THESE GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CARRIAGE YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE
THAT ANY COMPENSATION PAYMENT WILL BE MADE TO THE PAYMENT CARD
USED TO MAKE THE BOOKING OR TO THE BANK ACCOUNT OF A PASSENGER ON
THE BOOKING. WIZZ AIR MAY REQUEST EVIDENCE THAT THE BANK ACCOUNT IS
HELD BY THE PASSENGER CONCERNED.

18.4. Assignment
18.4.1. IF YOU ASSIGN YOUR CLAIM, WIZZ AIR WILL NOT BE OBLIGED TO MAKE ANY
PAYMENTS TO THE ASSIGNEE UNTIL AND UNLESS THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS
ARE MET:
18.4.1.1. WIZZ AIR RECEIVES A WRITTEN NOTICE OF THE ASSIGNMENT
IDENTIFYING THE ASSIGNED CLAIM (INDICATING THE BOOKING
47
NUMBER, THE BASIS OF THE CLAIM AND THE DUE DATE). THE NOTICE
SHALL EITHER BE SIGNED BY THE ASSIGNOR, OR THE DEED OF THE
ASSIGNMENT (ORIGINAL OR CERTIFIED COPY) NEEDS TO BE ATTACHED;
AND
18.4.1.2. WIZZ AIR RECEIVES A WRITTEN PERFORMANCE INSTRUCTION AS
PROVIDED IN ARTICLE 6:198 OF THE CIVIL CODE, UNLESS THE NOTICE
ON THE ASSIGNMENT WAS SENT BY THE ASSIGNOR OR THE DEED OF
ASSIGNMENT HAS ALREADY BEEN PROVIDED TO WIZZ AIR. THE
PERFORMANCE INSTRUCTION SHALL EITHER BE SIGNED BY THE
ASSIGNOR, OR THE DEED OF THE ASSIGNMENT NEEDS TO BE
ATTACHED. FOR THE PURPOSE OF THIS PARAGRAPH 18.4.1, A WRITTEN
NOTICE/PERFORMANCE INSTRUCTION SHALL MEAN A NOTICE MADE IN
FORM OF A PRIVATE DOCUMENT WITH FULL PROBATIVE FORCE
ACCORDING TO ARTICLE 325. § OF THE CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE.
18.4.2. TO COVER WIZZ AIR’S COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH THE ASSIGNMENT, WIZZ AIR
CHARGES AN ASSIGNMENT ADMINISTRATION FEE, PER EACH ASSIGNED CLAIM PER
EACH PASSENGER, IN THE AMOUNT PUBLISHED ON THE WEBSITE FROM TIME TO
TIME. THE ASSIGNOR AND THE ASSIGNEE SHALL BE JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY
LIABLE FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE ASSIGNMENT ADMINISTRATION FEE AND
ADDITIONAL EXPENSES ARISING FROM THE ASSIGNMENT ACCORDING TO ARTICLE
6:200 § OF CIVIL CODE. WIZZ AIR MAY DEDUCT THE ASSIGNMENT
ADMINISTRATION FEE FROM ANY AMOUNT PAYABLE TO YOU OR THE ASSIGNEE.
18.4.3. A compensation made to a person acting on Your behalf shall be deemed a proper
payment of compensation and shall discharge Us from liability and any further
claim for the payment of the compensation by You.

18.5. Customer complaints procedure

For general queries or complaints, please contact us via our Website or Call
Centre.
19. Alternative Dispute Resolution
19.1. If You are not satisfied with Our response to Your complaint, in certain countries
You may refer Your complaint to an alternative dispute resolution body.
48
19.2. In Hungary, you may submit your complaint to the conciliatory bodies established
by the county chambers of commerce and industry
(http://www.bekeltetes.hu/index.php?id=testuletek).
19.3. You may also submit Your complaint via the European Commission Online
Dispute Resolution platform at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/ (ODR).
Please see further details of the ODR on the Website.

20. Complaints

20.1. Complaints relating to the carriage by air (other than baggage claims) must be
made in writing as soon as possible following the subject event, but not later than
within 2 months from discovering the circumstances giving rise to the complaint
(as delay in notification adversely affects our ability to investigate the
circumstances). Consideration of a complaint will be in accordance with the
Convention and the version of General Conditions of Carriage applicable at the
time of Your booking and contract with Us. We shall not be responsible for any
loss or damage arising from Your delay in making a complaint.
21. Limitation of Actions

21.1. YOUR RIGHT TO MAKE ANY CLAIM GOVERENED BY THE CONVENTION SHALL BE
EXTINGUISHED IF YOU DO NOT BRING AN ACTION WITHIN 2 YEARS FROM THE
DATE OF ARRIVAL AT THE DESTINATION, OR FROM THE DATE ON WHICH THE
AIRCRAFT OUGHT TO HAVE ARRIVED, OR FROM THE DATE ON WHICH THE
CARRIAGE STOPPED. SPECIFIC OTHER NON-CONVENTION LIMITATION PERIODS
WILL APPLY DEPENDING ON THE NATURE OF THE CLAIM, JURISDICTION AND
APPLICABLE LAW.
22. Data Protection
22.1. We control the ways and the purposes for which Your personal data is processed
by Us and We are the “controller” for the purposes of such data protection laws
that apply to Us, including but not limited to EU Regulation 2016/679 (General
Data Protection Regulation or GDPR).
22.2. We process your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy. For more
information on the personal data that We collect about You, how we protect it,
how and why We process it, who We disclose it to and what Your data protection
rights are, see our Website.
49
22.3. Please ensure that the contact details of the Booker and any Passengers provided
to us are correct, and update them with us immediately if they change. You can
do this via Our Call Centre.
23. Charter Regulation
23.1. For charter flights, the provisions of these General Conditions of Carriage shall
apply subject to the following differences:
23.2. The following conditions apply for the charter carriage provided by Us:
23.2.1. the Conditions of Contract and other notices set out in Your Itinerary and about
which You will be notified orally in the case of a booking made through Our Call
Centre;
23.2.1.2.these General Conditions of Carriage;
23.2.1.3.the Convention;
23.2.1.4.the Applicable Law;
23.2.1.5.the Charter Agreement.
23.2.2. It is the responsibility of Your travel agent arranging the charter flight to inform
You about the conditions applicable to Your carriage. The travel agent will be
liable for all damages incurred by the travel agent's failure to inform You
accordingly.
23.2.3. Your booking is made by Your travel agent who shall provide You with the
booking code.
23.2.4. Change of route is not permitted. Rules for time change, transferability and
cancellation (also due to death of an immediate family member) of Your booking
are defined by Your travel agency according to the Charter Agreement concluded
with Us.
23.2.5. Should You wish to carry special Baggage or items of conditional carriage, You
shall inform Your travel agent. It is the responsibility of Your travel agent to
submit Your request to Us (see Paragraph 15.5). Should the travel agency fail to
50
comply with the above requirements the travel agency will be solely responsible
for damages incurred by its failure to inform Us.
23.2.6. Paragraph 9 (Seating) and Paragraph 5 (Fares) of these General Conditions of
Carriage do not apply to charter carriage.
23.2.7. Claims and complaints (including baggage claims and claims arising out of
schedule change, delay, cancellation or diversion) must be submitted to Your
travel agent in writing. All time limitations indicated in Paragraph 18 are
applicable.
23.2.8. The travel agency chartering the flight shall bear all costs incurred due to reasons
beyond our control.
23.2.9. Notwithstanding in any way, any air passenger rights under Regulation 261, any
costs arising from overbooking of flights shall be borne by the travel agency
chartering the flight.
23.2.10. If You are entitled to a refund, We will pay it to Your travel agency, therefore You
shall submit Your claim to them in writing.
24. Severability

24.1. If any provision, or part of any provision, of these Terms is found by any court,
tribunal or other authority of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, that provision or part provision shall be deemed modified to the
minimum extent necessary in order to make it valid, legal and enforceable. If such
modification is not possible, the provision or part-provision shall be deemed to
not form part of these Terms, but the validity and enforceability of the other
provisions found in these Terms shall not be affected and shall remain in effect
without change.
51
Annex
(to Wizz Air’s General Conditions of Carriage)

This Annex is incorporated into our General Conditions of Carriage.
1. Our liability for passengers and their baggage
The information set out in this Annex summarises the liability rules which all Community
air carriers must follow under EU legislation and the Montreal Convention 1999.
2. Compensation in the case of death or injury

There are no financial limits to our liability for passenger injury or death. For damages
up to the amount of 128,821 SDRs (approximately EUR 160,0001), we cannot contest
claims for compensation. We can however dispute claims for compensation exceeding
128,821 SDRs if we can prove that we were not negligent or otherwise at fault.
3. Advance Payments

If a passenger is killed or injured, we must make an advance payment to cover immediate
economic needs of the person entitled to compensation. We must make this payment
within 15 days from the identification of the person who is legally entitled to
compensation. This advance payment shall not be less than 16,000 SDRs (approximately
EUR 20,000) in the event of death.
4. Passenger delays

In the case of passenger delays, we shall be liable for damages unless:
 we took all reasonable measures to avoid the damage; or
 it was impossible for us to take such measures.


1 All equivalents in EUR are based on the exchange rate valid as of 23 November, 2022.
52
Our liability for passenger delay is limited to 5,346 SDRs (approximately EUR 6,700).

5. Baggage delays
In the case of baggage delays, we shall be liable for damages unless:
 we took all reasonable measures to avoid the damage; or
 it was impossible for us to take such measures.

Our liability for baggage delay is limited to 1,288 SDRs (approximately EUR 1,600).

6. Destruction, loss, or damage to baggage
We are liable, up to a limit of 1,288 SDRs (approximately EUR 1,600), for the destruction
of, loss of or damage to baggage. In the case of checked-in baggage, we are liable even
if we were not at fault, unless the baggage itself was defective. In the case of unchecked
baggage, we will only be liable if we were at fault.
7. Higher limits for baggage
Under the Montreal Convention 1999, our liability for lost, damaged or delayed baggage
is limited to 1,288 SDRs (approximately EUR 1,600) for each piece of baggage.
A passenger can benefit from a higher liability from us by making a special declaration,
latest at check-in, and by paying a supplementary fee. This fee raises our liability for
checked-in luggage to a limit of 2,224 SDRs (approximately EUR 2,800).
8. Complaints on baggage
If your baggage is damaged, delayed, lost or destroyed, you must write and file a
complaint with us as soon as possible. In the case of damage to checked baggage, you
must write and complain within seven (7) days, and in the case of delay within twenty
one (21) days, in both cases from the date on which the baggage was placed at the
passenger’s disposal.
53
9. Liability of contracting and actual carriers
If the air carrier actually performing the flight is not the same as the contracting air
carrier, you have the right to address a complaint or to make a claim for damages against
either carrier. If the name or code of an air carrier is indicated on the ticket, that air
carrier is the contracting air carrier.
10. Time limit for action
Any action in court to claim damages must be brought within two (2) years from the
date of arrival of the aircraft, or from the date on which the aircraft ought to have arrived.
11. Basis for the information
The above rules are based on the Montreal Convention of 28 May 1999, which is
implemented in the Community by Regulation (EC) No 2027/97 (as amended by
Regulation (EC) No 889/2002) and national legislation of the Member States.
